Cookie based Sticky Sessions for HAProxy with TLS reencrypt (#751)
keycloak/keycloak-quickstarts: proxy/haproxy/reencrypt/README.md

```

```bash
KC_HOST=127.0.0.1.nip.io docker compose up -d
```

```bash
docker compose down -v
```

## Sticky Sessions

Keycloak creates an `AUTH_SESSION_ID` cookie with the format `<session-id>.<node-name>`.
HAProxy uses this cookie to route subsequent requests to the Keycloak node that owns the session:

```
use-server keycloak1 if { req.cook(AUTH_SESSION_ID) -m end keycloak1 }
use-server keycloak2 if { req.cook(AUTH_SESSION_ID) -m end keycloak2 }
```

Each `use-server` directive checks if the `AUTH_SESSION_ID` cookie value ends with (`-m end`) the given node name.
When it matches, HAProxy routes the request to that server, keeping the session local to the owning node and avoiding cross-node lookups in the Infinispan distributed cache.

For this to work, each Keycloak instance must have a stable and predictable node name that matches the condition in the `use-server` directive.
By default, Keycloak generates a random node identifier on startup, which would not match.
Setting `KC_SPI_CACHE_EMBEDDED__DEFAULT__NODE_NAME` overrides this with a fixed value:

```yaml
# In docker-compose.yaml
# keycloak1 service
KC_SPI_CACHE_EMBEDDED__DEFAULT__NODE_NAME: keycloak1
# keycloak2 service

> KC_SPI_CACHE_EMBEDDED__DEFAULT__NODE_NAME: keycloak2

Reviewer: Please also update the `docker-compose.yaml` file with this configuration.

Author: I'm not sure what you're asking. These options are set in the Docker Compose.

Reviewer: Oh, I got confused as I didn't see them in the one commit I reviewed. They were there all the time. I apologize. Consider resolved.

```

> Not all requests carry the `AUTH_SESSION_ID` cookie.

Reviewer: The following sentence looks incomplete. See below for a suggestion. 

```suggestion
Now all requests with the `AUTH_SESSION_ID` cookie have the node name as a suffix.
```
